== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.


The problem:

The problem the app was trying to solve was the trouble of getting into the musical community when new to an area. The app is a solution to that problem by making a local place for all of the musicians within a local area to find each other in a place where they can chat and meet with people who are also interested in playing the same kind of music.

How it works:

The app works on geolocation which is derived from the individual ip_address of each user. It searches the local area (200km) to give you information about the peolpe around you, the intrusments they place and what they are interested in playing.

The app also contains a built in live chat network which lets the users immediately message each other. This breaks down the barrier of that awkward first meeting.

What I would like to improve:

I would like to add disqus or something like it to the find users home page. I think having a global area where users can chat and meet would be a massive feature to have on the site so I may look at doing that. Also the design needs an overhaul. Especially the frontpage which due to time constraints didn't get the attention I wanted it to recieve.

In conclusion: 
Overall I'm pretty happy with the result. I definitely have a much better understanding of the CRUD system and databases. I am already thinking of other things I can build using these tools and look forward to starting some side projects. This stuff is awesome.

Shout-outs.
Thanks to Jack and Joel for the help getting the messager working and helping debug things when stuff all got a little out of hand. Proper champions. Also the members of WDI9 for helping crash test it and also on help debugging. You're all legends!

Cool.
